our mission at glenwood is to be here
for children forever blue eyes made a
difference in my life once you connect
with our kids is something about the
warmness of them global has given me an
opportunity to excel in my academics
these kids can be different if we create
the right environment for them I want
kind of like an artist and basketball
player come here is a better choice
because they'll have a way better
education now have a way better chance
of following their dreams and going to
college once you come out you begin to
interact with the kids they just steal
your heart
oh that's outstanding outstanding you
know how presa that is when young people
do that that's great all right all right
good work nice one nice answer each of
the children that we serve are very
important to us we take each of them as
individuals as individual families and
we try to tailor our services to them I
trust the people that I dropped my kids
off with the average family ecause
Glenwood is headed by a single parent
seventy-six percent of them are at or
below the poverty level they're looking
for structure discipline they've had
struggles with living in gang controlled
areas situations that are not safe for
their kids
I think groundwood unique because we are
a child-centered we evaluate most of our
students and prepare a special plan for
their education it's a good school
because it helps kids that has had bad
problems throughout their life then
we'll come here you could change it
around and become a good man some of
them come from many different schools
which have caused large gaps in their
education and I think Glenwood fills in
those gaps are all you guys stars
sometimes for kids who maybe aren't
necessarily successful academically or
they live there you know they just don't
find things in life that get them really
excited they go to campin and they come
back and invigorated and and new people
really some big fan account
then would means a place where you could
get good structure in life when he came
home things that I used to tell him two
and three times come on let's get this
done it was like he began to start
taking initiative of doing some things
we partner directly with with parents
who just want the best for their kids I
feel that they love me because they keep
me safe you can see that they're crying
out for something and something inside
that you just automatically want you to
reach out and and to say you know what I
need to help this kid these kids are
literally living in a role model
situation they do know we love them they
do know that we care about them and we
want to see them really succeed
you can directly affect the lives of
children and help develop the character
that we feel is important for them to
really lead meaningful lives for the
slip invest in Glenwood school I think
that they can have the satisfaction of
knowing that they really do deeply touch
the very being of a child that's here
they're a part of a team and without
their participation the work that we do
is impossible we want to be able to
bring in good kids kids that want to be
here kids that have a desire to improve
themselves and parents that support that
this is a special place
we have to understand that it's not
about us it's about the keys they are
shaping these kids into being more than
just students are shaping them into
responsible human beings we can't change
the next generation for the better when
children begin to realize that they can
make a difference that they were born to
be great that they can make something
happen that never happened before you
know for not only them but for the
history of their families it becomes a
real special thing
you